♪ OOH ♪
♪ NA NA ♪
♪ YEAH ♪
♪ I SAW YOU DANCING
IN A CROWDED ROOM ♪
♪ YOU LOOK SO HAPPY
WHEN I'M NOT WITH YOU ♪
♪ BUT THEN YOU SAW ME
CAUGHT YOU BY SURPRISE ♪
♪ A SINGLE TEARDROP
FALLING FROM YOUR EYE ♪
♪ I DON'T KNOW WHY
I RUN AWAY ♪
♪ I MAKE YOU CRY
WHEN I RUN AWAY ♪
♪ YOU COULD'VE ASKED ME
WHY I BROKE YOUR HEART ♪
♪ YOU COULD'VE TOLD ME
THAT YOU FELL APART ♪
♪ BUT YOU WALKED PAST ME
LIKE I WASN'T THERE ♪
♪ AND JUST PRETENDED
LIKE YOU DIDN'T CARE ♪
♪ I DON'T KNOW WHY
I RUN AWAY ♪
♪ I MAKE YOU CRY
WHEN I RUN AWAY ♪
♪ TAKE ME BACK
'CAUSE I WANNA STAY ♪
♪ SAVE YOUR TEARS
FOR ANOTHER ♪
FOR ANOTHER DAY ♪
♪ SAVE YOUR TEARS
♪ SO ♪
♪ I MADE YOU THINK
THAT I WOULD ALWAYS STAY ♪
♪ I SAID SOME THINGS
THAT I SHOULD NEVER SAY ♪
♪ YEAH, I BROKE YOUR HEART
LIKE SOMEONE DID TO MINE ♪
♪ AND NOW YOU WON'T
LOVE ME FOR A SECOND TIME ♪
♪ I DON'T KNOW WHY
I RUN AWAY ♪
♪ OH, GIRL ♪
♪ SAID I MAKE YOU CRY
WHEN I RUN AWAY ♪
♪ GIRL, TAKE ME BACK
'CAUSE I WANNA STAY ♪
♪ SAVE YOUR TEARS
FOR ANOTHER ♪
♪ I REALIZE THAT I'M MUCH TOO
LATE ♪
♪ AND YOU DESERVE SOMEONE BETTER
♪
♪ SAVE YOUR TEARS
FOR ANOTHER DAY ♪
♪ (OOH, YEAH) ♪
♪ SAVE YOUR TEARS
FOR ANOTHER DAY ♪
♪ (YEAH) ♪
♪ I DON'T KNOW WHY
I RUN AWAY ♪
♪ I MAKE YOU CRY
WHEN I RUN AWAY ♪
♪ SAVE YOUR TEARS
FOR ANOTHER DAY ♪
♪ (OOH, YEAH) ♪
♪ I SAID SAVE YOUR TEARS
FOR ANOTHER DAY ♪
♪ (AH) ♪
♪ SAVE YOUR TEARS
FOR ANOTHER DAY ♪
♪ (AH) ♪
♪ SAVE YOUR TEARS
FOR ANOTHER DAY ♪
♪ (AH) ♪
APPLAUSE